1. add files in remote repo and also in local repo. Then sync them
2. Learn to undo the 3 commands required to push (git add, git commit, git push)
3. What happens when we have 2 commits and we try to push? Discuss in detail.
4. How floating point number is stored in memory.
5. Find out why there are no ++ and -- operators in Python.
6. Check if a year is Leap year
7. Check if a +ve integer is Perfect square
8. Find smallest of 3 distinct numbers
9. Farmer Problem
10. Taxation problem.

Check from which of the Python module the following functions come from.
range()
input()
print()
len()
min()
max()
sorted()

Assignments on Loops
1. Find biggest digit in a number
2. Find 2nd smallest digit in a number
3. Count number of Prime digits in a number
4. Print the Prime numbers in decreasing order between m and n (m < n)
5. Find the Nth Fibo (HemaChandra) term. Assume 1st 2 terms are 1 and 2
6. Find sum of thye series n - n2/3 + n4/5 - n8/7 .... m terms (1<=n<=4 and 2<=m<=10)
7. Print the following shapes by accepting number of lines
A. Right Angled Triangle
B. Equi lateral Triangle
C. Hollow Square
D. howllow Rhombus
E. Pascal's Triangle
F. X shape
G. X shape inside hollow Square
H. Benzene Ring (C6H6) Hexagon

Hacckerank , Leetcode , codeforces , 


Assignments on DSA:
	In python we have modules , inside them we can have sub modules or .py files.
	Which modules are automatically loaded/imported by ptyhon interpreter ? 
	In which Module does print(), input() ,len() fucntions come from.
	Learn about function call stack , and how recursion work based on that.
	Learn about errors / exception handlings in python

	Find smallest and Biggest elements in a list of n numbers
	Find the frequency an element in a list of n elements.
	Remove the duplicates in a list of size n
*** Given the number , find very next possible bigger number that has all the digits of the given number 
	Accept A number from the user(4-digit number , where the digit can repeat atmost two times) and print the count of recursions required to arrive at Karpekar's constant.
	Recursion Questions :
    	-Find Factorial of a number 
    	-Print N fibo terms with 1 and 2 as 1st 2 terms
    	-Find sum of list elements 
Implement Stack using list, insert and delete from rear of the list
Implement Stack using list, insert and delete from front of the list
Implement Queue using list, insert at rear delete from front the list
Implement Queue using list, insert front, delete from rear of the list
	--All having push pop display invalid and exit functions 
